refactor: update final example for Next 16 (#40)
nikolasburk/blogr-nextjs-prisma: README.md

# Fullstack Blog Example with Next.js, Prisma, Sign in with Vercel, and Prisma Postgres

This is the final version of the project built in the fullstack tutorial with Next.js, Prisma, Sign in with Vercel, and Prisma Postgres.

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/prisma/blogr-nextjs-prisma/tree/final&env=DATABASE_URL,NEXT_PUBLIC_VERCEL_APP_CLIENT_ID,VERCEL_APP_CLIENT_SECRET)

> Use [Prisma Postgres](https://vercel.com/marketplace/prisma) from the Vercel Marketplace for this example. The app expects `DATABASE_URL` for runtime connections. You can set `DIRECT_URL` for Prisma schema changes when you have a direct connection string from Prisma Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [Prisma Postgres](https://pris.ly/marketplace-vercel-prisma) from the Vercel Marketplace for this example. The app expects `DATABASE_URL` for runtime connections. You can set `DIRECT_URL` for Prisma schema changes when you have a direct connection string from Prisma Console.
```
